This is a tutorial for gathering needed api keys and tokens for different platforms.

- Discord:
    1. login to developer application website with your discord login: 
    https://discord.com/login?redirect_to=%2Fdevelopers%2Fapplications

    2. in top right corner, click the "new application" button (and select a name)

    3.once created, on the left side there is a menu, in that menu go to "bot" section

    4.scroll down, and select bot permissions:
    "View Channels", "Send Messages", "Embed Links" and "Attach Files"

    5.scroll back up and press the "reset token" button, write your password, and once the token is showed, copy it.

    6. you can now save the token in the setup app.

    7.to get the channel ID first open discord app

    8. go to settings > advanced and right there turn on the "Developer Mode"

    9.once you do that you can go back, and find the server and the channel you want to post in

    10. right click on the channel, and on the bottom click on the option "Copy channel ID"

    11. you can paste that into the setup app and youre done with discord.


- Reddit:
    1. go to https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps

    2. log in on top right with reddit creditentials

    3. when you are logged in, in the top left click on the "Create app" button

    4. fill out: 
        -name: whatever you want. is required.
        -choose the "script" option
        -description: is optional
        -about url: is optional
        -redirect url: is required, but wont be used. fill it with  "http://www.example.com/unused/redirect/uri"

    5. do capcha and press the "create app" button

    6. a window appears, with details of the app. on the top there is the name, "personal use script" and under it, is the user_Id you need.

    7. copy the user ID and paste it into the setup app.

    8. under it there is the "secret" - copy that too and paste it into the setup app.

- Patreon:
    patreon is the easiest one. since they dont have an api, its done with the selenium automation tool.
    it opens an invisible chrome window and operates on it. the error codes are written by me since selenium ones are unhelpful.
    if you dont have chrome installed - dont worry, im gonna work on other browsers shortly.

    in the window it just logges in with your creditentials and redirects to post page